All right.
You two, stop embarrassing the novel
The urgent matter mentioned by the second senior brother
Junior sister can live with whoever she wants
Let the junior sister choose
Hum oh ok
Thank you for your kindness.
But the second senior brother was injured before
I want to stay and heal him
senior brother
Can I borrow your general's office for a few days?
OK
Then we'll go one step ahead.
Two senior brothers, take care
Brother promise
Hey, little junior sister
Little Junior Sister
This Qi Sining is usually silent
critical moment
It actually put us
The little junior sister on the tip of my heart was abducted
This is your room.
The study is just next door.
You can come to me anytime if you have anything.
Where is the room of the old boat that senior brother usually uses?
Uh, I didn't mean that.
It was Xuanying who gave me some good plasters
Useful for trauma
It just needs to be replaced every day, so
You are because of this
Just choose me?